Training models based on quarterly report data is fraught with problems and quickly surpasses a minimum viable product that a single person can handle
High quality, up to date data is expensive. Having it standardized across time and companies is miserable.
Yet, you need a critical mass of many different stocks' data because no mathematical model can work on an individual business basis (due to non-systematic risk)
And also a long timeframe of data. Furthermore, you encounter problems when trying to incorporate macroeconomic data that updates at different rates.

Instead, let's stray further away from the divine light of ben graham. Let's model the vix. 
Implied volatility is just a cumulative human geist, up to the whims, demand, and supply of the options traders. It does kind of track with realized vol tho. 
Technical analysis is trash. Not even the world's most powerful AI can make money day trading. But can it make money by predicting the actions of day traders?

PREDICTORS:
vix (30 day implied vol) 
	(need to make stationary?)
prev 30 day historic vol
	(need to make stationary?)
2yr - 10yr treasury rate (maybe use least squared error of 2yr, 5yr, 10yr, 20yr?) (daily change?)
10 yr treasury rate (daily change?)
daily change in oil prices
daily change in S&P 500
something to do with vix moving average, maybe differential

TARGETS:
probability of vix exceeding some value over the next x days (corresponding to some rate of return/margin of safety target)
	could have multiple of these at different hurdle rates/days
confidence of S&P being up/down tmr (if these two are in agreement then it is more likely and less predicted volatility) 
	(not sure whether to include these, could also be above multiple hurdle rates, say, greater than 1% up/down)
point estimate of next day vix
point estimate of next day change in S&P 500 (probably worthless, but would make a nice graph)

momentum?


how to change vix to being stationary? retain information on absolute level?

SUMMARY STATISTICS & BACKTESTING (what is the vix, what simple strategies would have worked in the past)
TRADING STRATEGY DESIGN (both theoretical and practical implementation, why certain predictors/targets, correlation vs dispersion vs cointegration)
DATABASE MANAGEMENT (use sql to save data for offline work)
MODEL DEVELOPMENT (input/output preprocessing ala minmax scaling or normalisation, random forest?, model design, hyperparameter tuning, output visualisation) 
TRADE EXECUTION (automated or no? how to calculate returns based on how it would be practically used)
RISK MODELLING (max downside, sharpe ratio (yuck), correlation with market indicies, financial risk, crowding out from bigger-players risk)
QUALITY ASSURANCE (model validation, test for weakness, spurious results, emulated new data, anticipated loss to brokerage, required activity, stress testing)
DATA ANALYTICS (both of model features and of results, perhaps create a ranking system of different models from their traits)
PUBLISHING & SCIENCE COMMUNICATION (power bi dashboard, powerpoint/youtube presentation, documentation in github, making code readable, csv export?)

